Add Post level components to allow easy building of page level blocks (#178)
10up/block-components: components/post-meta/readme.md

# Post Meta

The `PostMeta` component is part of the suite of components that read/write data from the global post object or the current [`<PostContext />`](../post-context/). It has a composable declarative approach to allow you full control over the markup without needing to worry about the data handling at all.

The Component allows you to showcase any piece of post-meta information of the current post.

> **Warning**

> > In order for the Meta Value to show up it needs to be registered properly and have `show_in_rest` set to `true`.

Reviewer: 🙌 ❤️

## Usage

```js
import { PostMeta } from '@10up/block-components';

function BlockEdit() {

    return (
        <PostMeta metaKey="price" className="wp-block-example-block__price" />
    )
}
```

The component automatically tries to figure out the type of the meta value and dynamically displays either a text field, number control, or a toggle control.

If you want to override this automatic type casting you can use the sub-components which expose the underlying type controls.

> **Warning**
> Currently only `string`, `number`, `boolean` for `single` meta values are supported.

> You can also completely customize the UI of the meta field by passing a render function to the `PostMeta` component:

Reviewer: This is rather known as Function as child which is a pattern derivated from https://reactjs.org/docs/render-props.html I'd clarify this and add some links since this is not react entry level material. Feel free to adjust though!

```suggestion
You can also completely customize the UI of the meta field by passing a [render function as the children](https://reactpatterns.js.org/docs/function-as-child-component/) of the `PostMeta` component:
```
